WATER, CHROME AND BLOOD - THE FOURTH CORPORATE WAR
(...) It is truly remarkable that the large-scale bloodshed of the Fourth Corporate War began first as a simple rivalry between two ocean exploitation corporations: CINO and OTEC. Both companies vied for the controlling stake of the failing IHA corporation. OTEC commissioned Militech to secure its business interests and perform certain "special operations." CINO, in turn, signed a cooperation agreement with the Arasaka Corporation with a similar aim. When circumstances at last called for both colossal and prideful security corporations to clash in open combat, the Fourth War had officially begun.

Yet, as is usually the case with corporate conflicts, the onset proved subtle: Arasaka disables a Militech transport, Militech (allegedly) eliminates a high-ranking official of an Arasaka client, both sides engage in frequent sabotage and data theft operations, netrunners from both sides infiltrate dataforts to sow confusion, gather intel and cause chaos in the stock markets. Though none would have thought it possible in those early months, the Arasaka-Militech conflict truly jeopardized the stability of the world economy, making the threat of complete economic collapse all too real. For this reason, NetWatch introducted[sic] a communications embargo on both corporations. This did little to slow the conflict's pace, however. While CINO and OTEC had unilaterally reached a settlement and reach an understanding through "peace talks," tension between Arasaka and Militech continued to rise. This separation from the ocean dispute marks the beginning of the Fourth War's second phase: the so-called Shadow War.

Military clashes between Militech and Arasaka were notoriously bloody, brutal and without mercy, they waged their most damaging campaigns on the Net. Arasaka and Militech netrunners launched attacks with the help of viruses that were often highly experimental. What's more, they created lethal ICE measures and AI-like programs that could lurk in dark corners of the Net for long periods to make strikes at the most opportune times.
By the second half of 2022, Arasaka and Militech entered the final phase of the conflict where both sides used every resource and strategy at their disposal. The Hot War had begun. Around this time, the Net that the world had known for years ceased to exist, and mercenaries hired by both corporations were slaughtered in open warfare fought with the cutting-edge weapons technology. Then, in the War's most shocking and iconic turning point, the coup de grâce came when an unknown group of mercenaries denoted a nuclear device at Arasaka's Night City headquarters. Shortly after the blast, bowing under increased pressure from the Japanese government, Arasaka laid down its arms and withdrew from many of its strategic positions, but most notably in Night City. Victory belonged to Militech, but it came at a heavy cost. (...)