SUPERNOVA. THE UNOFFICIAL BIOGRAPHY OF LIZZY WIZZY
The turning point in her career came in 2071, when Lizzy unveiled herself in her true cybemodified[sic] form - an erotic re-imagining of Snow White. At the end of her concert, Lizzy ate a synthetic apple laced with specially-prepared poison that induced cardiac arrest. For a full minute, the LED screens showed a close-up of the flat line on her electrocardiogram while her body lay motionless on the stage. The concert was put on hold for five and a half hours while a team of rippderdocs[sic] swapped out her biological organs for the latest generation of MoorE Technologies implants. After being revived, Lizzy sang "Re-start, Re-heart, Repeat" which sat at the top of the world charts for the next full year. "I always felt like my mission was to cross the ultimate frontier," she later said in an interview on N54 News, "That frontier is death."

Lizzy's anarcho-terrorist "performances" are inspired by the artists[sic] frequent stylistic transformations. She had been used to giving away used clothes to friends before simply leaving them out on the street for people. She wanted to do the same with implants, though it turned out that top-tier cyberware was linked to its user and couldn't simply be "given away."

Lizzy Wizzy is best known for her war against implant homogenization by mounting an armed assault against a BioDyne Systems factory, during which Lizzy and a group of mercenaries took control of the building and stole approximately 1,200 different implants that were then given out during an impromptu concert. The heist was broadcast live - an insurance for Lizzy. She knew no corporate soldier or police officer would dare to kill or harm her on live T.V.

In the years following, the media argued that the heist was arranged beforehand with BioDyne and that Lizzy paid for the implants and the renovation of the factory. That theory is seemingly supported by the fact that BioDyne never pressed charges against Lizzy Wizzy. Lizzy still denies these speculations, claiming that Biodyne[sic] co-opted her heist as free advertising.