THE FOODIE GUIDE TO NIGHT CITY
The world traveler in Night City is faced with a dilemma: Enjoy the local cuisine? Or save their gut the trouble? If you don't own a Trauma Team policy, you're probably better off sticking to the tried-and-tested chains and exclusive restaurants. But if you do, Night City is full of risk that packs a lot of reward. Here's our risk-reward breakdown of Night City's good eats.

For the cautious consumer:

Bleu - A gourmet dining experience with some of the highest accolades and richest portfolios in the city. If you're after high-quality, locally sourced ingredients, Bleu is the place for you. Among its marquee dishes are authentic caviar, oysters, and imported Prosecco. The alabaster white interior adorned with minimalist décor[sic] is perfect for a relaxing night out following a day of hustle and bustle.

Pepper & Spice - A unique locale on the culinary map of Night City. This eatery was founded by renowned travel icon Tony Haleek. It stands apart from the competition thanks to its diverse menu of transcontinental fusion dishes, most of which are offered at surprisingly reasonable prices. Caribbean, Polish, Kenyan - it's all here. Just not in the combination you've ever seen before... The crowd favorite? Haleek's own vanilla dumplings.

For the gutsy gourmand:

Buck-A-Slice - According to urban legend, the NCPD has en[sic] entire file on the mysterious deaths of homeless people whose last meal was pizza from Buck-A-Slice. True or not, bargain-seekers living on a eurodollar-a-lunch budget should still be prepared for gastrointestinal distress. Worth the risk? Only if you want a greasy slice of authentic Night City flavor. Plus, their secret recipe chilispurt scopperoni is unlike anything you've ever tasted, but only available on special request.

Ru Lai - At Ru Lai you'll find all of the three P's - potent, punchy and pungent. Every visit to this local favorite is like playing a game of Chinese roulette. Regulars at Ru Lai claim you're just as likely to get "bearable" egg rolls and "halfway decent" rangoons as you are tainted tofu or Sichuan salmonella. You've been warned.