HOROSCOPES: STORYTELLER GROUP
misty_mystical_book_shard
Clients from group "Storyteller"

Client #1/2077, M.B., Scorpio
You did it again: you rolled up your sleeves and cleaned the Augean stables. Everyone admires you, but you know that your only reward will be the next task you're given.
There are not many like you in Night City, but without you the city would have long turned into shadows and dust.
Avoid: flirty AIs that try to impress you with their knowledge of ancient Greek
Your lucky place: the Net

Client #2/2077, D.K., Capricorn
You're a born corpo – you plot, you plan, you calculate, and weave webs so tangled you sometimes lose yourself in them. If only you were the one calling the shots, you would already have the city at your feet; unfortunately, you're caught up in a maze of responsibilities.
But whatever you're plotting, make sure you see it through to the end.
Avoid: last-minute changes to plans
Your lucky place: Arasaka Tower

Client #3/2077, D.B., Gemini
You know the city like the back of your hand. At night you head out to just listen to the pulse of the streets – the juicy chatter, muffled screams, and drunken shouts – just to soak up the atmosphere. You've been everywhere, you've tried everything. You're a free spirit, and in Night City that makes you a unicorn.
Avoid: overworking
Your lucky place: newsroom

Client #4/2077, J.S., Taurus
You've done your time waiting in the shadows of others, but your patience finally paid off. The applause and flash photography are all yours. The world of media has opened its doors to you: television, radio, braindance, Net ... And this is just the beginning.
Avoid: the waves crashing at your feet
Your lucky place: TV studio

Client #5/2077, M.Z., Aries
When everyone was down and out, you came storming back in style. This city loves people like you – it's how legends are born. Your triumph is bittersweet: you returned, but you've wound up on the street, among the joytoys, con artists, and panhandlers. You know you've got biz here to take care of, but it can get tough when it feels like there's no end to it in sight.
Avoid: sketchy ripperdocs
Your lucky place: Jig-Jig Street

Client #6/2077, T.M., Leo
This city likes to devour players like you, but you know their kind too well to get caught off-guard. You're on the ground, you know that in Night City biz only gets done when you put your blood, sweat and tears into it – not just flimsy dreams. You eat dreamers for breakfast.
Avoid: genetically modified nuts
Your lucky place: Heywood

Client #7/2077, R.W.O., Aries
You've been in demand. You barely finish one task before someone's lined up to give you another. It often seems that you're on your own, but always remember you have a team you can count on.
Avoid: emotional policemen with difficult pasts
Your lucky place: a bar inspired by Babylonian culture

Client #8/2077, P.C., Capricorn
Although you've been riding with nomads for years, you're a corpo at heart. You knew that from the moment you stepped into Konpeki Plaza you felt at home there. You've had enough of camp life, constantly repairing generators, the sand gritting between your teeth. You'd have given up ages ago if you weren't so damn good at it.
Avoid: Raffen Shiv
Your lucky place: Konpeki Plaza
Note: highly susceptible to the Barnum effect

Client #9/2077, K.K., Virgo
You've been in the city for only a short time, but you already know the what and the how. You've already accomplished the toughest part: you have a good team at your back. You've just been landing small jobs for now, but you know you're hungry for something bigger.
Avoid: getting attached to friendly, talking machines
Your lucky place: the music scene