THE CULT OF SANTA MUERTE: WHO IS THE LADY OF THE NIGHT?
"We don't fear death. What's to be afraid of? Santa Muerte is a good friend, our close companion. We know how to talk to her and we know when there's no more room to negotiate." This is one of the first responses I heard while asking residents of Vista del Rey about Santa Muerte (Sacred Death). Her worship, officially condemned by the Roman Catholic Church but heavily influenced by its rites - is unusually popular among those of Mexican origin, and especially in Night City. Few realize that the cult finds its roots in ancient times. It's highly likely that Santa Muerte first arose as a fusion of the beliefs of the Aztecs, Mayans and other indigenous residents of South America with those of the Catholic Church, first brought to the continent centuries ago by the Spanish conquistadors.

Our Lady of Holy Death, also known as Lady of the Night (Señora de la Noche), is a fascinating deity. Her wide-ranging devotees include prisoners, gangsters and drug dealers, but also police officers, prostitutes and others who work under the cloak of night - in other words, anyone whose life is in constant danger. Even at the turn of the 21st century, persecuted members of the LGBT community would also pray to her.

Santa Muerte offers her protection to anyone who asks for it while leaving an appropriate offering on her altar: rum and tequila, fruit, cigarettes, candy or flowers. Interestingly enough, it is believe she does not distinguish between morally sound and morally questionable requests. Her worshippers pray for health and happiness, but also revenge or the death of their enemies. Everyone, no matter their request, must remember one thing - every prayer offered carries a price. If you don't pay, Santa Muerte will take someone close to you. And she would have every right to do so.

Santa Muerte is not just another cthonic goddess of the underworld. She is the saint of the rejected, the excommunicated, of those who feel somehow unfit to ask God directly to intervene. It should come as no surprise, then, that so many Night City residents consider her their patron.